Pass on summary and exercises (#770)
browserengineering/book: book/embeds.md

including its default width and height. You should allocate a Skia canvas of
an appropriate size when `getContext("2d")` is called, and implement some of
the APIs that draw to the canvas.[^eager-canvas] It should be straightforward

> to translate most APIs to Skia methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to translate most API methodss to Skia methods.
```

[obj-fit]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/object-fit

*Iframe aspect ratio*. Implement the [`aspect-ratio`][aspect-ratio] CSS
property and use it to provide an implicit sizing to iframes and images
when only one of `width` or `height` is specified (or when the image is not
yet loaded, if you did the lazy loading exercise).

[aspect-ratio]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/aspect-ratio

*Lazy loading*: Even encoded images can be quite
large.[^early-lazy-loading] Add support for the [`loading`
attribute][img-loading] on `img` elements. Your browser should only
download images if they are close to the visible area of the page.
This kind of optimization is generally called [lazy loading][lli].

> Implement an optimization in your browser that only loads images that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement a second optimization in your browser that only renders images that
```

are missing out on some of the content if it fails to load. But otherwise,
the broken image icon is probably just ugly clutter.]

*Media queries*. Implement the [width][width-mq] media query. Make
sure it works inside iframes. Also make sure it works even when the
width of an iframe is changed by its parent frame.

[width-mq]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/width

*Target origin for `postMessage`*: Implement the `targetOrigin`
parameter to [`postMssage`][postmessage]. This parameter is a string
which indicates the frame origins that are allowed to receive the
message.

*Multi-frame focus*: in our toy browser, pressing `Tab` cycles through
the elements in the focused frame. But it's impossible to access
focusable elements in other frames via the keyboard. Fix it to move
between frames after iterating through all focusable elements in one
frame.

*Iframe history*: Ensure that iframes affect browser history. For
example, if you click on a link inside an iframe, and then hit

> backspace, it should go back inside the iframe. Make sure that this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back button, it should go back inside the iframe. Make sure that this
```
